hi are the baskets at the corner of the
hearth and we are here in my kitchen
for cooking once a month
the last episode the special bet for
dinner that one too close to once
in the month with the crawford then the cross
of I had already mentioned a while ago is one
plethora of electric slow cooking
pretty much hurry on slow cooking
or a little bit more who more caliber
practically there is a eurolat in timer
queso then also a and non alzheimer are
simply turned on spirit and by
precisely kitchen and consuming very little to
electricity level is safe not
we need to be able to mix it
so we can leave for work and
find dinner ready as a first home
i love my croft i'm so happy to
having taken it then thought why
do not combine a kitchen with the crawford
with left-handed to the obvious as is done with
your own bot
attention you cannot freeze the
things in the croft so you have to be
be careful if you have any idea
buy it to start doing you too
this type of kitchen to thaw
things first in time before putting them
in a croft because it has so much cooking
then the bottom slow fire but bubbles
however it is it is dangerous to risk that
having it, he will see it in spite of so much
obviously there are problems with
bacteria that are generated and so on
you must first thaw and maybe in the
how it's done and very easy
then we start by taking the chicken that
already in the bag you cut and sludge one
head of garlic indeed we make two whole
garlic heads and we put them in
bag together with cut lemon
half in directly the stamp of
rosemary cut fees
we are also two other lemons though
we squeeze and love everyone directly
inside
we close the bag well and this is
my route accepted with the chicken da
ferragosto
let us pray the things done and let us begin
with stew
then we already have the radiato stew
from the day before we carry ourselves inside
be careful you don't mess up
I did
you always hear better clean work
immediately
yes it is that of a stew that will go
cooked you see we see 8 ress and on 5
hours you wrote on purpose so that
if he wanted to throw himself my husband finds
precisely all the indications
then his bag directly
celery carrot onion already admitted
mince two cans the day before
I will give
tightens
but of wine you close it is also ready
as a bag regarding it
stew
but when it was however from chrome it will be
defrost system you will need to thaw
all the night before and you just need to put
in too much and cooking is giving
directions
this is a turkey cd here
we have the small cut turkey
small smaller than stew
we put the onion we have fibulae on
put the pumpkin the pumpkin pulp the flight
put them these new political nos
of course the spices with the exception
of chili pepper factory
our tastes and tasty ether
it's more
it will be instead
now pumpkin left out all upright
the bag is the fault of the pumpkin at cost
of the day before celery and onion
director and here in detail what
I cooked today
then we start with the croft with the
which I will cook the chicken with lemon and
garlic
the actor stew only five hours his
make pumpkin soup and cild da
who is not right as you can see
they are all put in the know that this
way to take up as little space as possible
let's move on to things already cooked on
meatloaf cut in half and put away
with the baking paper so that it is
easy to separate the baked radicchio
perhaps born in two portions in so-called
easy to pull off the broccoli to
steam already cooled and ready to
put away the omelettes with spinach
and the cheese and the peppers yesterday
in fact with the same mixture of the del
meatloaf that so even more comfortable and
then we move on to the boxes with the i
mushrooms , mushrooms or chopped in this way
you are even easier to eat the
Provencal chicken
the chicken cream with all his
vegetables that are healthy like this
chicken broth for a day a
a little bit cold and here it was already
actually half frozen this now
we put it back in the freezer and immediately
finish the beef rank here it is 6
meals and 6 dinners a week for a month e
so we already have everything ready when
let's get home from work
here is what we are doing we ended up with the
constructive valdarnese cuisine
straight from the kitchen with the croft that me
with ash for a month with the coop is
very comfortable so let me know if there is
liked this series if you would do me
like maybe continue with recipes
other ideas
whatever the other comes to mind
for today it's all corner of the hearth
a kiss and it will reach me following me
also in this series
Hello